Oh, dear.
Just a little injury, don't tell Dad
Look how worried he is.
Fortunately, this billboard is not big.
You dodged just in time
Not so hurt
You said I've been having accidents recently.
Should I go and pray for peace?
I'm still investigating the last sick bank
Only other dads
Will protect you
Bastard
Come and disinfect first
How did you do that?
Are you okay? Just had an accident
Got a small injury
You see it's alright
It's really okay.
It's alright
Oh, let Sister Huai burn this medicine for me
Go and rest, go
Go!
Su Boqing, what do you want to do?
Jiang Shaoping
You think you'll be fine if you hide in Huai Jinjia
This time it's just a warning
I don't know your daughter
Will you have such good luck next time?
Humph
Xiaoyue, why are you here?
I see you have been in the study all afternoon and haven't gone down
I'll make tea and bring it to you
Leave it here
Why don't you go out first?
Jiang Shaoping, isn't that Jiang Wanyi's father?
Why did Dad threaten him?